---
layout: page
title: Privacy
tags: [privacy, cookies]
comments: false
---

Your privacy is important therefore, we pay attention to compliance with data protection regulations. In this data protection declaration we inform you about the purposes for which your data is collected and used and how you can exercise your rights. You can contact me at any time using the email address below to collect personal information.

This website uses cookies only for analytics purposes. There is no advertisement shown on the site and no data is collected for advertisement purposes. All IPs are anonymized before using for statistics.

Ugur Tekbas
ugurtekbas@gmail.com

## Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google LLC (“Google”), Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Google Analytics uses "cookies." These are small text files that your web browser saves on your device and enable an analysis of website use. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google Analytics cookies are set on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. As the operator of this website, we have a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior in order to optimize.

## IP enonymizing
We use Google Analytics in conjunction with the IP anonymization function. It ensures that Google shortens your IP address within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area before it is transmitted to the USA. There may be exceptional cases in which Google transmits the full IP address to a server in the USA and shortens it there. On our behalf, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to create reports on website activity and to provide us with other services related to website activity and internet usage. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data.

## SSL encription
For security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content that you send to us as the site operator, this website uses SSL encryption. This means that data that you transmit via this website cannot be read by third parties. You can recognize an encrypted connection by the "https: //" address line of your browser and by the lock symbol in the browser line.

## Liability for links
Our offer contains links to external websites of third parties, the content of which we have no influence on. For this reason, we cannot accept any liability for this external content. The respective provider or operator of the pages is always responsible for the content of the linked pages. The linked pages were checked for possible legal violations at the time of linking. No illegal content was discernible at the time the link was created. A permanent control of the content of the linked pages is not reasonable without concrete evidence of an infringement. As soon as we become aware of legal violations, we will remove such links immediately.
